there is not in this very complete story
audiovisual of the world championships
Football ranging from the first
edition in montevideo the distant year of
1930 until the last held in the
2010 in South African stadiums one
historical scene a single name
important a single anthological goal that
this production has been left out
is the result of the most exhaustive
research work search and
compilation here are presented in
an exciting and entertaining style of
most remembered parties the heroes of
all times the circumstances that
they surrounded the different tournaments me
I dare say that whoever purchases this
singular historical document in addition to
Enjoy a few hours of the greatest
spectacle of the world you will finally get
an integral vision of everything that has
happened in the stadiums where
have played the matches of the 19
editions of the cup made up
today with what you can understand
because of the historical context in which
developed each tournament and in general the
evolution that football has experienced
through the years
besides focusing on the matches
considered defining of each of
the championships the gigantic production
has gathered in this unique collection and
exclusive the most amazing
curiosities the most unusual feats and
the dazzling moments that happened to
over the eight decades
elapsed since when the
initial whistle in montevideo in the
start of the exciting story of
the soccer world cup
the oldest images many of
they unpublished retain their originality
freshness and sharpness
but also the production process the
editing and professional comments
that accompany the impressive
images guarantee a product
unique audiovisual definitely a story
delicious than any football lover
you can get lost